Welcome to Doc-Central!

Doc-Central is a set of scripts working together in order to provide you
with convenient ways to browse the documentation available on your Debian
system.

For a quick start, you can just run "doccentral" or point your favourite
web-browser to http://localhost/dc/ .

Doc-Central uses basically a local HTTP server (e.g. apache) to present
the list of registered documents, although it might eventually use other
tools depending on the format of the document: as an example, info2www is
used for info files. Currently, all other types are linked to directly.

In order to get the list of available documentation, Doc-Central uses the
doc-base registry. For more information on doc-base, please install the
'doc-base' package and check the documentation located on
/usr/share/doc/doc-base .

Please note that, by default, other people can also view the documentation
on your system. It might be considered a security risk, since it gives
others a slight idea about what software is running on your machine. To
restrict this kind of external excess, your web-server will need to be
configured accordinly.

If you use a browser capable of handling forms, you will see a
documentation sections index on the left side. By selecting one of the
sections, you will be presented with a list of the documents it contains.
Simply clicking on the title of a document will show it to you. Also,
some of them will be available in multiple formats. If so, a list of
formats will be given next to the title. Clicking on a format will show
you the document in that format.

--
Guilherme de S. Pastore <guilherme.pastore@terra.com.br>
Fri, 26 Nov 2004 23:46:19 -0200